you've worked hard to own a piece of
land you can be proud of you work even
harder to keep it looking this great and
when it comes to getting the job done
you know what you're looking for in a
new tractor introducing the craftsman
CTX tractor series we've never had a
line of tractors as powerful durable and
dependable these tractors are all about
performance and we've pulled all the
stops to engineer a product that has all
the right features with the craftsman
tractor you can now conquer every
challenge your landscape throws at you
whether you're mowing on an incline or
hauling on a slope wet surface a unique
automatic traction control system sends
power to both wheels simultaneously so
that if one begins to slip the other
keeps the tractor under control it's our
version of offroad an electronic fuel
management system operates much like the
fuel injectors in your vehicle it
ensures reliable automotive style
starting as well as peak engine
performance year after year an
electronic height adjuster further
separates the tractor from other models
out there to get that perfect lawn
adjusting the cut height in different
areas or different seasons is a must
now the craftsman CTX tractor makes
doing this as easy as literally pushing
a button our quick deck removal system
makes switching up the cutting deck to
work with different lawn attachments a
breeze and makes it easy to maintain the
blades the days of complicated change
outs are over with a few simple steps
the cutting deck comes on and off which
means you can spend more time in the
yard and less time fumbling with nuts
and bolts these are just a few of the
features we've designed into this
tractor that really make it stand out
but we didn't stop there combine a 54
inch deck with a 30 horsepower Briggs
and Stratton engine that delivers an 8
mile per hour top forward speed and
you've got a feast that gets the
toughest of jobs done in record time
looking beneath the surface
the tractor has a heavy-duty welded
frame and a cast iron axle that
transforms it from a great mowing
machine to a totaled yard and garden
workhorse let's not forget how important
renew for ability is when you're faced
with challenging terrain the tractor
boasts an 18-inch turning radius to get
you through tykes box and what vehicle
would be complete without cruise control
full digital instrumentation with
color-coded controls and soft grip
tilting steering wheel and power
steering we've got them all plus a full
line of craftsman tractor accessories
such as an aerator dethatcher and
palling cart to give you the versatility
and confidence to handle any task
presented the craftsman CTX tractor
series designed for performance
durability and versatility it's
everything you're looking for an
attractive to keep your property looking
its best and it's why it's America's
hardest-working tractor stop into your
local Sears to learn more
you